so I'm not at all the little not at all
Ross you were scoring my father's boat
didn't make that much noise when it hit
rocks
45 minutes 45 minutes the man talked
about strappy back dresses for hours in
a freezing museum auditorium listening
to professor pit stains and his hey
everybody remember that thing that's
been dead for a gazillion years well
here's a little book we didn't know it
had
first of all it's professor pain and
second of all that little bone proved
that that particular dinosaur had wings
but didn't fly okay so you know what I
just heard blah blah blah blah blah blah
a hundred million people went to see a
movie about what I do I wonder how many
people would go see a movie called
Jurassic parka I don't know a bunch of
other controlled jackets take over an
island